Chase me stop chasing
The other party is a patient
No one can catch up with us
What to do then?
Are you waiting for Chen Xiaodao to come back and take revenge on me?
Chen Xiaodao is already a cripple
Even if the injury is healed, the ability is gone
It poses no threat to you.
I hope so.
Everyone, Chen Xiaodao has been abolished.
There are the following children of the minister's family who committed the crime
He is the sword of the whole cart
Today, the head of the family will forgive you two.
You all give me peace in the future
After all, the chance to live
Not twice.
Is there really nothing the doctor can do?
Sorry, we've tried our best.
Current medical conditions in the country
For permanent damage to this muscle
There is no better way
But as long as he recovers like a normal person
Life is no problem.
Just can't do it anymore
Professions like athletes and soldiers
For the knife
Lose your fighting ability
Not being able to return to the army may be more painful than death